Update 2.x linux installation instructions (#3510)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.1/install.md

{{% tab-content %}}
## Download and install InfluxDB v{{< current-version >}}

Do one of the following:

- [Install InfluxDB as a service with systemd](#install-influxdb-as-a-service-with-systemd)

> - [Manually download and install linux binary](#manually-download-and-install-linux-binary)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Manually download and install the influxd binary](#manually-download-and-install-the-influxd-binary)
```

    [InfluxData downloads page](https://portal.influxdata.com/downloads/)
    with the following commands:

    ```sh
    # Ubuntu/Debian
    wget https://dl.influxdata.com/influxdb/releases/influxdb2-{{< latest-patch >}}-xxx.deb
    sudo dpkg -i influxdb2-{{< latest-patch >}}-xxx.deb

    # Red Hat/CentOS/Fedora
    wget https://dl.influxdata.com/influxdb/releases/influxdb2-{{< latest-patch >}}-xxx.rpm
    sudo yum localinstall influxdb2-{{< latest-patch >}}-xxx.rpm
    ```
    _Use the exact filename of the download of `.rpm` package (for example, `influxdb2-{{< latest-patch >}}-amd64.rpm`)._

2.  Start the InfluxDB service:

    ```sh
    sudo service influxdb start
    ```

    Installing the InfluxDB package creates a service file at `/lib/systemd/services/influxdb.service`
    to start InfluxDB as a background service on startup.

3. Restart your system and verify that the service is running correctly:

    ```
    $  sudo service influxdb status
    ● influxdb.service - InfluxDB is an open-source, distributed, time series database
      Loaded: loaded (/lib/systemd/system/influxdb.service; enabled; vendor preset: enable>
      Active: active (running)
    ```

> When installed as a service, InfluxDB stores data in the following locations:
> 
> - **Time series data:** `/var/lib/influxdb/engine/`
> - **Key-value data:** `/var/lib/influxdb/influxd.bolt`.
> - **influx CLI configurations:** `~/.influxdbv2/configs` _(see [`influx config`](/influxdb/v2.1/reference/cli/influx/config/) for more information)_ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about where InfluxDB stores data on disk when running as a service,
see [File system layout](/influxdb/v2.1/reference/internals/file-system-layout/?t=Linux#installed-as-a-package).
```

To customize your InfluxDB configuration, use either
[command line flags (arguments)](#pass-arguments-to-systemd), environment variables, or an InfluxDB configuration file.
See InfluxDB [configuration options](/influxdb/v2.1/reference/config-options/) for more information.

#### Pass arguments to systemd

1. Add one or more lines like the following containing arguments for `influxd` to `/etc/default/influxdb2`:

   ```sh
   ARG1="--http-bind-address :8087"
   ARG2="<another argument here>"
   ```

2. Edit the `/lib/systemd/system/influxdb.service` file as follows:

   ```sh
   ExecStart=/usr/bin/influxd $ARG1 $ARG2
   ```

> ### Manually Download and Install Linux Binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manually download and install the influxd binary
```

## Start InfluxDB

> If InfluxDB was installed as a systemd service, systemd will manage starting and stopping the `influxd` daemon and no further action is required. If the binary was manually downloaded and added to the system `$PATH`, the `influxd` daemon can be started using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If InfluxDB was installed as a systemd service, systemd manages the `influxd` daemon and no further action is required.
If the binary was manually downloaded and added to the system `$PATH`, start the `influxd` daemon with the following command:
```
